Now that you have a
list of actual words,
you can move on to step
four; calculate
word probabilities.
The final step is to calculate
word probabilities and find
the most likely word
from the candidates.
For example, the word
"and" is more common than
the word "ant" in any
given body of texts,
also called a corpus.
This is how AutoCorrect knows
which word to substitute
for the incorrect one.
To understand this better,
look at this example sentence,
"I am happy because
I am learning."
To calculate the probability
of a word in the sentence,
you need to first calculate
the word frequencies.
In addition, you want to
count the total number
of words in the body
of texts or corpus,
normally a corpus
would be much larger.
Imagine every issue of
a certain magazine ever
published all of the
Harry Potter books,
to keep this example
as simple as possible,
the corpus here is defined
as this one sentence.
For example, the word
"I" appears twice,
the word "m" appears twice also,
and so on for the
rest of the words.
The total number of words
in this corpus is seven,
the probability of any word
within the corpus
is the number of
times the word appears divided
by the total number of words.
For example, the word "m"
appears twice and the size
of the corpus is seven.
For AutoCorrect, you find
the word candidate with
the highest
probability and choose
that word as the
replacement, and that's it.
In summary, to implement
AutoCorrect, do the following.
You entered a word to correct,
for example the
misspelled word deah,
D-E-A-H, then you follow
the four steps inside
the AutoCorrect's model
to get its replacement.
You identify deah as being
misspelled by checking
it against known words.
Then you made a list of
all the strings that
are n edits away,
you filter these lists
of strings to include
only the ones that are
actual words in a
given dictionary.
Then you calculated
the word probabilities
for each of these words,
you selected the word with
the highest probability as
the AutoCorrect replacement,
and that was it.
That's a lot to cover,
but breaking it down
step-by-step gives you
a good intuition for how
to implement AutoCorrect.
This is something that
will come in very handy
for the assignment, so well done.
Also, you now understand
edit and edit
distance and how they can be
used to measure
similarity between words.
Next, get ready to apply
these concepts to building a
metric very common in NLP,
for measuring similarity
between words,
strings, and many more.